Edit documentation related to server delegation (#3773)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-dns.md

To set up Matrix on your domain, you'd need to do some DNS configuration.

## DNS settings for server delegation

In the sample `vars.yml` ([`examples/vars.yml`](../examples/vars.yml)), we recommend to use a short user identifier like `@<username>:example.com`.

To use such an identifier, you don't need to install anything on the actual `example.com` server. Instead, you need to instruct the Matrix network that Matrix services for `example.com` are redirected over to `matrix.example.com`. This redirection is called as "delegation".

As we discuss in [Server Delegation](howto-server-delegation.md), server delegation can be configured in either way:

- Setting up a `/.well-known/matrix/server` file on the base domain (`example.com`)
- Setting up a `_matrix._tcp` DNS SRV record

> For simplicity reasons, this playbook recommends you to set up server delegation via a `/.well-known/matrix/server` file.
> 
> If you choose this method, you do not need to set anything to enable server delegation for now. We'll revisit this topic on [finalizing the installation](installing.md#finalize-the-installation), after installing and starting Matrix services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity reasons, this playbook recommends you to set up server delegation via a `/.well-known/matrix/server` file, instead of using DNS SRV records.

If you choose the recommended method, you do not need to configure DNS SRV records to enable server delegation. We'll revisit this topic in [finalizing the installation](installing.md#finalize-the-installation), after installing and starting Matrix services.
```

Perhaps it's better to be more explicit like this?
